OK, so I actually didn't have this video up and down, I wasn't planning on teaching this, but it
just came to my mind and I actually really want to share this technique of sinking audio cues with visual
cues.
So we've been doing that to a certain extent in our edit where we have these overlays that we added
that sync up to, you know, big points in the track.
So if we hit play.
Yeah.
These cool visual moments sync up with the cool big audio moments.
But we can take this even a step further.
So what I want to show you is using a low pass and a high pass filter.
So if I turn this up and I apply a low pass filter to our edit, let's take a listen.
So it gives it the feeling that it's underwater, meaning it cuts off all of the high frequency of the
audio.
Now if we put a high pass filter.
It's going to do the opposite.
It's going to cut off all of the low frequency of the audio.
So let's go ahead and take that off and let's put back on our low pass filter.
And I'm going to keyframe this up.
And what I'm going to do is I want to engage this filter to make a cool kind of sound like you're kind
of going under water, going through a tunnel right before this big striking point.
Big moment of the song.
So if we take away all the low end, all the base of the track right before when the beat really is
predominant, that's going to make that more predominant part even more predominant by taking away the
base right before it.
So let's go to where we want to start our keyframe.
And I'm going to hit the stopwatch.
I'm going to go to where I want the key frame to be at its strongest.
I want the low pass filter to be at its most powerful.
And then I'm gonna go to right before where the beat comes in here.
And you can see I marked it off with these markers.
I'm going to do a third keyframe and I'm going to drag this filter all the way up, meaning it's not
cutting off any of the filter.
It's there.
So it's not cutting off any of the low end of our track.
So I'm going to do that at the beginning and at the end.
So what that's going to do if I zoom in here, this will be no effect added all of the effect added
and then no effect added.
So it's going to do a V is going to move kind of like that.
So if we take a listen.
It goes do do doo, do do right.
Without that effect.
OK.
Now, sounds pretty -- cool, right?
What I want to do now is create even more of a cool visual aesthetic for the sound that we're hearing.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to nest these clips and collapse them into one clip so that I can
add an effect to all of these clips in this mini sequence.
OK.
And what I want to do is go to luminary color and we're going to keyframe.
Let's see the saturation.
So let me go to the beginning of the clip.
Hit a key frame.
Go to right before the biko's in, hit a key frame and go to the middle.
And I'm going to bring the saturation all the way down.
So what's going to happen is it's going to play.
It's going to get black and white.
And then it's going to go back to color.
OK, cool, so I want to get that effect to be even more dramatic, so I'm going to keyframe the shadows
and the highlights.
I'm going to go to the beginning.
Boom at the keyframes.
Go to the end.
And the keyframes go back to the middle.
Boost the highlights.
Drop the shadows.
So there's super tons of contrast.
And let's see what that's starting to look like, boom.
OK, so I want this effect to start a little bit earlier.
I want this to start going black and white sooner.
So I'm going to drag the keyframes over.
Here we go.
That's starting to look cool.
OK.
And then when we get here to this shot, that's when I want the color to start coming back, so I want
to put that to zero.
And that way, the saturation won't start coming back to there.
And then you can really see the transformation in the skin tone.
And you really see the effect.
OK.
So I want to take this even a step further.
Let's add let's say a little bit more distortion just to really get even more.
Of the kind of feeling that the visuals and the audio are getting distorted together, so creaky frame
right there I go to the beginning keyframe.
Ending keyframe boom, so right at the center.
Let's bring us up to, let's say, 50.
And you can see instantly what that does, all this little noise in here.
So to render this.
And hit play
and let's go ahead and full screen it so we can really see the audio in the visual that we just created.
OK, perfect.
So that's looking super cool and super stylized, so that's just a bit of a bonus tip.
You know what, actually, let's put up the protip graphic.
Yes, that was a bit of a pro tip that I wanted to throw in there for your edits.